[AIRFLOW-6272] Switch from npm to yarnpkg for managing front-end dependencies (#6844)
mistercrunch/Airflow: CONTRIBUTING.rst

    # from the root of the repository, move to where our JS package.json lives
    cd airflow/www/
    # run yarn install to fetch all the dependencies
    yarn install

These commands install the libraries in a new ``node_modules/`` folder within
``www/``.

> Should you add or upgrade an node package, which involves running ``yarn add --dev``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you add or upgrade an node package, you should run:
 ``yarn add --dev <package>`` for packages needed in development
 or
 ``yarn add <package>`` for packages used by the code
```
